Interactive website for showcasing open source communities (#2)
chaoss/oscdb: contribute.qmd

---
title: "Contributing"
format: html
---

# Contributing to Open Source Communities

Thank you for your interest in contributing to our database of open source communities! This document provides guidelines for adding new communities and making other contributions.

## Adding a New Community

### Option 1: Create a GitHub Issue

> 1. Go to the [Issues](https://github.com/chaoss/chaoss-asia/issues) tab

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to the [Issues](https://github.com/chaoss/oscdb/issues) tab
```

### Option 2: Submit a Pull Request

1. Fork the repository
2. Add your community to `data/communities.csv` following the format:
   ```csv
   name,description,website,region,category,country,city_state,member_count,status,type
   ```
3. Create a pull request with a clear description of your changes

## Data Format Guidelines

- **Name**: Official name of the community
- **Description**: Brief description (2-3 sentences)
- **Website**: Full URL including https://
- **Region**: One of the supported regions in the dataset
- **Category**: One of: Community, Conference, Association, General

## Code Contributions

If you'd like to contribute code:

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a new branch for your feature
3. Make your changes
4. Submit a pull request

## Style Guide

- Use consistent formatting in the CSV file
- Keep descriptions concise but informative
- Use proper capitalization for community names
- Ensure all URLs are valid and accessible

## Review Process

All submissions will be reviewed by the maintainers. We may:
- Request additional information
- Suggest edits to the submission
- Ask for clarification

## Questions?

> If you have any questions about contributing, please [open an issue](https://github.com/chaoss/chaoss-asia/issues) or contact the maintainers. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have any questions about contributing, please [open an issue](https://github.com/chaoss/chaoss-oscdb/issues).
```
